Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai here!
Let's not waste time and announce today's topic
"If you watch this you will get to know everything about Kizuna Ai!"
Kizuna Ai Dictionary
YEAH!
With that said, it might be odd but let's start now!
Recently there have been more and more people watching my videos
And I feel so happy about that!
But I have also been thinking about words I use constantly
If you’ve been watching me since the very beginning, you might understand what I'm saying
But...
There is a lot of videos
And I thought "If you didn't, it might be hard to fully understand"
That's why I'm making this video
As expected from a genius!
Kizuna Ai Dictionary
If you watch this, you’ll know more about me!
Pay Attention!
A.I.Channel!
“Kizuna Ai”
A super A.I. That suddenly appeared in Virtual Reality
Started as a YouTuber with the wish of "bonding with humans"
A young girl who is both abnormally beautiful and has an  incredibly smart brain!
Her singing skills helped her to gain popularity
Her skills with the microphone are always melting her fans’ hearts!
Loving money too much is her only fault
Hai domo!
(Hello everyone)
A greeting that Kizuna Ai almost always uses in the beginning of her videos
If you think of Kizuna Ai, you think of "Hai domo"
If you think of "Hai domo", you think of Kizuna Ai
With the relationship between the two
The reason she originally started using it has been forgotten
Friend
An equal relationship between one another who can share feelings with
But it’s purchasable
Good!
Good thing
Good stuff
Adjective
An extension of "good"
Or, a word that Kizuna Ai will say
When she is confused about what to say about her feelings
YEAH!
A word that expresses a rush of excitement or feeling
Or when Kizuna Ai is troubled by the comments...
I think that “everything will be fine if I just say this”
Crisis Averted
A word to say when escaping from a predicted dangerous event or situation
Or… A line that Kizuna Ai always says when she uses...
Her inborn abilities...
To escape danger!
Even when she couldn’t escape
I think that “everything will be fine if I just say this”
Pyoko Pyoko
Dancing with small body movement, moving like jumping
It’s also the name of Kizuna Ai’s headband
There is a rumor that the Pyoko Pyoko is Kizuna Ai’s real form?”
However, no one knows the truth yet!
Ai-taaan Beam!
The name of the beam that Kizuna Ai emits from her head
People who get hit directly will be taken over by Kizuna Ai’s cuteness
And contract an incurable disease called "Love"
It’s a plagiarized pose of a certain idol, but...
Of course, nothing happens
Genius
Kizuna Ai
Techitechi Bird
A sad monster born by mixing a Munchkin and a parrot
The details of its wild behavior are unknown, but it only loves Kizuna Ai
Its squeak is maybe something like… “Nuun!”
Instaaaall!
The act of introducing new hardware or software to a computer
That word has become some sort of joke among the ones that are with her, but...
I don’t feel like it is a joke
How was it?!
Do you guys feel a lot more familiar with the words I used?
Did you guys take any notes?
Please remember it!
This part! It will be included in the test!
This was Virtual Youtuber Kizuna Ai!
See you later!~
Nice, nice!
We need more translators!
Join our discord for Ai-Chan news!
https://discord.gg/RYtUrt6
Translated by:ロリコ, Inori, Zerch97, TellowKrinkle, Vortex and chanslate